Results of a run of the final bennett-nanogpt trained on 5K words. 

Temperature: 2.0
Prompt: "Emma was" 


Generated: 


"Emma was she papain.
Harriet.  Her canot her very, and with create; and coald maught was it
pretence reasense muchedation and theger body--
that it visits he distly succh to withozes tenntly
on him own gly-
oh! a shir; son there of dread recusbly the ladys himself thele perhip abingly,
befort saye he know marriage so a goir, but and wchaning Harriet is good?"

"At I exambly when that you, but intreed," her would she for his the proving of to her
is not in put of, though bex.  And the qared any confis.  I cionceds sperit!"
which sposed Emma _ense in writh this_ we_ now to-of blower to by,
where that Emma in it bother's real to Harriet pactifulation, was
timed from asn of droawn, and befort, thought there a mititde me thinks they;
and Jan John bet go; indly truner fing.  She look be acreity mation writted best.
Det was, and exchilaations to to times and proad, it.
A fetter of in of fraishen; but you do not he soning," said Roberllie--"best,
"He dother young all:  Knighte this dese.  How beliePery which.  She didew," for I

"Ass loong admiralys) were he hoped hears.  You would they shal the was misuatiwing,
and Mr. Weston, in of I do not think
dislud ense of helf th yes could not felt her hour.  Randallll,
to the be bew faired, `No so."

At miling,"d for Mrs. Elton.  Very be childry, "the thir very shald squaidit
_us.""_  Which have should beg alway a the bught in for only fregyming froading;
but I must lown rece judgles!---(and Mr. Elton; and but with she is very
had soet know Harriet was rem comesiions what had no fulrend up-ficused such to be
becness please pladity of of him her her's confion good."

"She she can no guer gener."

"I was not see in letter.--And I dearable after there to ture Clays--being;
it the my posss expect abpie it,) but you can sispely just of her
her she givifictiousionly, so notwible know the prot--had been a the gent to-much endersed to know of
time say, I thinks to queter! I this will be one him it not tdess of in so no you re.
It want be see a Mr."