Results of a run of the final bennett-nanogpt trained on 5K words. 

Temperature: 1.0
Prompt: hello 


Generated: 

hellow's not by repleual him-Uchildrer.  At and stime broad
most visite very not Elton inquites mean while which he was visitred
of her recely of the warrange and stancy childred.
Quiten as felt the from prace; wife for of advision hing the much of time
prover of you very for evep _her only rech of so leasthm_ negttable,
with seecleve it.  A know to deal ge it any readly apfrizer but sir?"
could do not her found undenss!--Emma such which I would not,
there, ass never? It contion be Emma's thing: and was but you my coders all a like for him her
of know is or Harriet the dener to made put--(it were, and not in much quites of than
dess the seet, what Emma's brex fotund to--to girl childr.
Mr. Jan Franked they have do would be betwer would to purction,
when large gived busibt the child if while which her a morry friend."

"Ver Hing, and will a very confice it.  I
in is dispose of I only so other soon of Mr. Randable Harriet!  I chank the very has,"

"My at but unflace, it being this of trubble,--morest into thing is turn;
but any hower our yet's andiming the a bagetion up,
in will rue diserves."

Not _your_ the is of the like her_, read supok this me?"

Mr. Weston's pleas.  Sith would he somethn atforect let of mee
Harriet, she is mprocts so supposion so you from but Miss, Randue,
was be unded.  Her would not other persed left to you cant very.
I how being what was of her not detity theys; "bught for dear.

Abether, but yet
Highbury, and relf socive fien she own of be whichich idea own.
Ois quir a you would brow, and Do you be some know)--favour you dobthing--strations
of you."

"She and hears.  But I am she call the judggrult so my he doner."

The kst flir her _her_, and socioulation dear! "In,"---which not not Churchily satisfie,
child, he feing all a facy how is comples?--"but you goring, when she seed much
how sick on.  He know who to no for will but to had know hour.
She realing after, it Harriet's was theer was now it.  And ij,
and to larable ment; and she! it is bey, 